I had a fever every day for five days,
Admitted to hospital. The doctor at the hospital called me.
Said it was panda blood. I reported it to Mr. Ma.
Mr. Ma asked me to say that he had pneumonia.
If you choose to go to our hospital, we can waive all the medicine fees.
That every year,
There is a free quota for him.
Then the blood was drawn and the incident was washed away.
Mr. Ma asked him to draw 1,400 pieces of blood every day.
Wu Tiantian is still a child,
He is simply unreliable.
after eating
Mr. Ma said he wanted me to avoid soldiers and seal my head.
Let him handle the rest of the matter
I won’t know anymore later on, that’s all
That's it
I've said everything I can say
I don’t know anything anymore, Uncle Yang
What will you do next time
We need seven people to admit this right away
Then the mobile phone comes down
as evidence
Submit it to relevant departments
Only then can I be happy with him
If you don’t know where the missing ammunition is in the car?
Especially right away
He also has Mi skills in his hand
What if he explodes?
Just give him a hug with a stick and that's it.
There is a treasure mark next to him
I'll handle that mark like this
After you get in the car
Secretly let him sit in the back of the car
give him a stick
Then we searched him
He also caused the cat to look for him
This is the first time
Go back this time
Have the driver and carriage stop at the dilapidated house to ambush him
It's time to go back, let me go
I know you are hostile to my marriage
is in danger
And it’s related to Wutian Nei
Know everything about Wutiantian
not only do i know
I still have people who know me
I'm going to do this or that